ARO Support Policy Updates (#1)
bennerv/azure-docs: articles/openshift/support-policies-v4.md

* Customer workloads must not be scheduled on the master nodes to prevent any resource contention with the OpenShift master components.
* Don't set any unsupportedConfigOverrides options. Setting these options prevents minor version upgrades.
* A pod disruption budget should not set a `maxUnavailable` of 0% or 0, or a `minAvailable` of 100% or equal to the number of replicas.  This can block nodes from being drained and upgraded.
* Don't create or enable any Feature Gates
* Don't create or enable the cluster-wide proxy
* Don't modify the audit log policy
* Don't modify or remove the OpenShift SDN network or attempt to use another SDN provider.
* Don't modify the cluster network OpenShift SDN configuration.
* Azure Red Hat OpenShift does not support adding an additional network such as a bridge, host-device, ipvlan, or macvlan network.
* The cluster version resource should only use stable release channels for upgrades.  There is no support for non-stable channels.  The channel can be seen by running `oc get clusterversion version -o jsonpath="{.spec.channel}"`.  In new cluster installations, the channel may not be set yet.

> * Any workloads that are run on the cluster including operators from OperatorHub must not affect running OpenShift components and cluster operators from being available.

Reviewer: May also be worth adding a line about performing admin tasks via SSH, including etcd recoveries and certificate recoveries (both of which have step by step guides in the OpenShift docs) and attempted upgrade rollbacks (not documented, but attempted pretty regularly)

### Azure Resources

* Don't remove the network security groups from their assigned subnets.
* Upon installation, all cluster resources are created in a resource group called the cluster resource group.  Don't modify or remove any resources within the cluster resource group.
* All cluster virtual machines must have direct outbound internet access, at least to the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) and service logging (Geneva) endpoints.  No form of HTTPS proxying is supported.
* Don't modify the DNS configuration of the cluster's virtual network. The default Azure DNS resolver must be used.
* The Azure Red Hat OpenShift service accesses your cluster via Private Link Service.  Don't remove or modify service access.
* Non-RHCOS compute nodes aren't supported. For example, you can't use a RHEL compute node.

> * Don't place policies within your subscription that prevents SREs from performing normal maintenance against the ARO cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Don't place policies within your subscription or management group that prevent SREs from performing normal maintenance against the ARO cluster, such as requiring tags on the ARO RP-managed cluster resource group.
```

Reviewer 3: Would we need to also clarify that tagging of individual resources is not supported?
